
"Quite so," said Rabbit, looking important.

"It's--I wondered--It's only--Rabbit, I suppose _you_ don't know, What
does the North Pole _look_ like?"

"Well," said Rabbit, stroking his whiskers. "Now you're asking me."

"I did know once, only I've sort of forgotten," said Christopher Robin
carelessly.

"It's a funny thing," said Rabbit, "but I've sort of forgotten too,
although I did know _once_."

"I suppose it's just a pole stuck in the ground?"

"Sure to be a pole," said Rabbit, "because of calling it a pole, and if
it's a pole, well, I should think it would be sticking in the ground,
shouldn't you, because there'd be nowhere else to stick it."

"Yes, that's what I thought."

"The only thing," said Rabbit, "is, _where is it sticking_?"

"That's what we're looking for," said Christopher Robin.

They went back to the others. Piglet was lying on his back, sleeping
peacefully. Roo was washing his face and paws in the stream, while Kanga
explained to everybody proudly that this was the first time he had ever
washed his face himself, and Owl was telling Kanga an Interesting
Anecdote full of long words like Encyclop√¶dia and Rhododendron to which
Kanga wasn't listening.

"I don't hold with all this washing," grumbled Eeyore. "This modern
Behind-the-ears nonsense. What do _you_ think, Pooh?"

"Well," said Pooh, "_I_ think----"

But we shall never know what Pooh thought, for there came a sudden
squeak from Roo, a splash, and a loud cry of alarm from Kanga.

"So much for _washing_," said Eeyore.

"Roo's fallen in!" cried Rabbit, and he and Christopher Robin came
rushing down to the rescue.

"Look at me swimming!" squeaked Roo from the middle of his pool, and was
hurried down a waterfall into the next pool.

"Are you all right, Roo dear?" called Kanga anxiously.

"Yes!" said Roo. "Look at me sw----" and down he went over the next
waterfall into another pool.

Everybody was doing something to help. Piglet, wide awake suddenly, was
jumping up and down and making "Oo, I say" noises; Owl was explaining
that in a case of Sudden and Temporary Immersion the Important Thing was
to keep the Head Above Water; Kanga was jumping along the bank, saying
"Are you _sure_ you're all right, Roo dear?" to which Roo, from whatever
pool he was in at the moment, was answering "Look at me swimming!"
Eeyore had turned round and hung his tail over the first pool into which
Roo fell, and with his back to the accident was grumbling quietly to
himself, and saying, "All this washing; but catch on to my tail, little
Roo, and you'll be all right"; and, Christopher Robin and Rabbit came
hurrying past Eeyore, and were calling out to the others in front of
them.

"All right, Roo, I'm coming," called Christopher Robin.

"Get something across the stream lower down, some of you fellows,"
called Rabbit.

But Pooh was getting something. Two pools below Roo he was standing with
a long pole in his paws, and Kanga came up and took one end of it, and
between them they held it across the lower part of the pool; and Roo,
still bubbling proudly, "Look at me swimming," drifted up against it,
and climbed out.

"Did you see me swimming?" squeaked Roo excitedly, while Kanga scolded
him and rubbed him down. "Pooh, did you see me swimming? That's called
swimming, what I was doing. Rabbit, did you see what I was doing?
Swimming. Hallo, Piglet! I say, Piglet! What do you think I was doing!
Swimming! Christopher Robin, did you see me----"

But Christopher Robin wasn't listening. He was looking at Pooh.

"Pooh," he said, "where did you find that pole?"

Pooh looked at the pole in his hands.

"I just found it," he said. "I thought it ought to be useful. I just
picked it up."

"Pooh," said Christopher Robin solemnly, "the Expedition is over. You
have found the North Pole!"

"Oh!" said Pooh.

Eeyore was sitting with his tail in the water when they all got back to
him.
