When he put it like this, you saw how it was, and you aimed very
carefully at the balloon, and fired.

"_Ow!_" said Pooh.

"Did I miss?" you asked.

"You didn't exactly _miss_," said Pooh, "but you missed the _balloon_."

"I'm so sorry," you said, and you fired again, and this time you hit the
balloon, and the air came slowly out, and Winnie-the-Pooh floated down
to the ground.

But his arms were so stiff from holding on to the string of the balloon
all that time that they stayed up straight in the air for more than a
week, and whenever a fly came and settled on his nose he had to blow it
off. And I think--but I am not sure--that _that_ is why he was always
called Pooh.

                 *        *        *        *        *

"Is that the end of the story?" asked Christopher Robin.

"That's the end of that one. There are others."

"About Pooh and Me?"

"And Piglet and Rabbit and all of you. Don't you remember?"

"I do remember, and then when I try to remember, I forget."

"That day when Pooh and Piglet tried to catch the Heffalump----"

"They didn't catch it, did they?"

"No."

"Pooh couldn't, because he hasn't any brain. Did _I_ catch it?"

"Well, that comes into the story."

Christopher Robin nodded.

"I do remember," he said, "only Pooh doesn't very well, so that's why he
likes having it told to him again. Because then it's a real story and
not just a remembering."

"That's just how _I_ feel," I said.

Christopher Robin gave a deep sigh, picked his Bear up by the leg, and
walked off to the door, trailing Pooh behind him. At the door he turned
and said, "Coming to see me have my bath?"

"I might," I said.

"I didn't hurt him when I shot him, did I?"

"Not a bit."

He nodded and went out, and in a moment I heard Winnie-the-Pooh--_bump,
bump, bump_--going up the stairs behind him.




                               CHAPTER II

                     IN WHICH POOH GOES VISITING AND
                         GETS INTO A TIGHT PLACE


Edward Bear, known to his friends as Winnie-the-Pooh, or Pooh for
short, was walking through the forest one day, humming proudly to
himself. He had made up a little hum that very morning, as he was doing
his Stoutness Exercises in front of the glass: _Tra-la-la, tra-la-la_,
as he stretched up as high as he could go, and then _Tra-la-la,
tra-la--oh, help!--la_, as he tried to reach his toes. After breakfast
he had said it over and over to himself until he had learnt it off by
heart, and now he was humming it right through, properly. It went like
this:

      _Tra-la-la, tra-la-la,_
      _Tra-la-la, tra-la-la,_
    _Rum-tum-tiddle-um-tum._
      _Tiddle-iddle, tiddle-iddle,_
      _Tiddle-iddle, tiddle-iddle,_
    _Rum-tum-tum-tiddle-um._

Well, he was humming this hum to himself, and walking along gaily,
wondering what everybody else was doing, and what it felt like, being
somebody else, when suddenly he came to a sandy bank, and in the bank
was a large hole.

"Aha!" said Pooh. (_Rum-tum-tiddle-um-tum._) "If I know anything about
anything, that hole means Rabbit," he said, "and Rabbit means Company,"
he said, "and Company means Food and Listening-to-Me-Humming and such
like. _Rum-tum-tum-tiddle-um._"

So he bent down, put his head into the hole, and called out:

