
"And didn't _I_ give him anything?" asked Christopher Robin sadly.

"Of course you did," I said. "You gave him--don't you remember--a
little--a little----"

"I gave him a box of paints to paint things with."

"That was it."

"Why didn't I give it to him in the morning?"

"You were so busy getting his party ready for him. He had a cake with
icing on the top, and three candles, and his name in pink sugar,
and----"

"Yes, _I_ remember," said Christopher Robin.




                              CHAPTER VII

                    IN WHICH KANGA AND BABY ROO COME
                  TO THE FOREST, AND PIGLET HAS A BATH


Nobody seemed to know where they came from, but there they were in the
Forest: Kanga and Baby Roo. When Pooh asked Christopher Robin, "How did
they come here?" Christopher Robin said, "In the Usual Way, if you know
what I mean, Pooh," and Pooh, who didn't, said "Oh!" Then he nodded his
head twice and said, "In the Usual Way. Ah!" Then he went to call upon
his friend Piglet to see what _he_ thought about it. And at Piglet's
house he found Rabbit. So they all talked about it together.

"What I don't like about it is this," said Rabbit. "Here are we--you,
Pooh, and you, Piglet, and Me--and suddenly----"

"And Eeyore," said Pooh.

"And Eeyore--and then suddenly----"

"And Owl," said Pooh.

"And Owl--and then all of a sudden----"

"Oh, and Eeyore," said Pooh. "I was forgetting _him_."

"Here--we--are," said Rabbit very slowly and carefully, "all--of--us,
and then, suddenly, we wake up one morning and, what do we find? We find
a Strange Animal among us. An animal of whom we have never even heard
before! An animal who carries her family about with her in her pocket!
Suppose _I_ carried _my_ family about with me in _my_ pocket, how many
pockets should I want?"

"Sixteen," said Piglet.

"Seventeen, isn't it?" said Rabbit. "And one more for a
handkerchief--that's eighteen. Eighteen pockets in one suit! I haven't
time."

There was a long and thoughtful silence ... and then Pooh, who had
been frowning very hard for some minutes, said: "_I_ make it fifteen."

"What?" said Rabbit.

"Fifteen."

"Fifteen what?"

"Your family."

"What about them?"

Pooh rubbed his nose and said that he thought Rabbit had been talking
about his family.

"Did I?" said Rabbit carelessly.

"Yes, you said----"

"Never mind, Pooh," said Piglet impatiently.

"The question is, What are we to do about Kanga?"

"Oh, I see," said Pooh.

"The best way," said Rabbit, "would be this. The best way would be to
steal Baby Roo and hide him, and then when Kanga says, 'Where's Baby
Roo?' we say, '_Aha!_'"

"_Aha!_" said Pooh, practising. "_Aha! Aha!_ ... Of course," he went
on, "we could say 'Aha!' even if we hadn't stolen Baby Roo."

"Pooh," said Rabbit kindly, "you haven't any brain."

"I know," said Pooh humbly.

"We say '_Aha!_' so that Kanga knows that _we_ know where Baby Roo is.
'_Aha!_' means 'We'll tell you where Baby Roo is, if you promise to go
